I love this dress. Absolute favorite for winter. Heavy material. Stretchy, shows shape well. I am 5ft 7, 120 lbs. Ordered 2-8. Fits fine. Not tight at all. But not to loose. Very confortable. I live in ND, and it keeps you warm during winter. If its not cold. You will get hot. I got it just for winter. So its perfect. About to order anothwr in different color.<br />;0)
Nice socks, great colors, just enough support for wearing with a good pair of sneakers.
I bought this for my husband and WOW, this is a slick hat. High quality and craftsmanship. He said sits very comfortable and he gets compliments constantly! Highly recommend this hat!
Perfect dress and the customer service was awesome!
Excellent for my 6 feet skinny 15 years old boy.
Raw is the only way to go! Absolutely love this wallet! Will continue to buy it forever and ever.
A bit large.
Great fit!
Shirt a bit too long, with heavy hem, which inhibits turning over.  I cut off the bottom two inches all around, and am now somewhat comfortable.  Overall, material is a bit too heavy for my liking.
The Jockey Women's Underwear are true to size. They are my choice of underwear. I will purchase them again as I have in the past.
cup size is just right.  Seems to be a little tight around.  Might just be because it is new.
Perfect...
best  ever4 for men&woman too size for men 42-44-8, 40-42 ,7  38-40 ,6  this for guy waist size hold man place nylon 100% best ever over 30yrs love sleep more black gym , slakes, blue jeans  chnage clothes at gym they all ask what kind underwears those, reply hey&#62;&#62; get your own pair! by vanity fair!
Great fit.
I have this Columbia in 5 colors and wear them all the time
My husband found these so comfy that this is our second order.
Awesome leggings!! I am 5'4, 215lbs and a huge chunk of my weight is in my thighs and butt. Not exaggerating - 30 inch thighs, 52 inch butt, 37 inch waist. These leggings are buttery soft and NOT see through at all, even in sunlight! Now I purchased the 'glyph idc' black and white color so that is the one I am speaking for. I'm very impressed & ordering more ASAP.
I ordered the same size as I ordered last time, and these shirts were much larger than the previous order. They were also about 6 inches longer. It was like they sent men's shirts instead of boys' shirts. I'll be returning these...
not exact in sizing
Love these pajamas.  Be prepared to be very warm.  These are definitely meant for cold winter weather; besides that they are beautiful!
Like the way they fit and feel during the day. Just wish they weren't so expensive.
pretty color-these Glamorise bras are amazing-they hold you all day long and the only complaint I can think of is how the bottom band rolls up when you sit down--but this is a universal bra issue, I think.
Excellent one from Levi's
Love this sweat shirt
The neck on this is a bit saggy, but is a nice sweatshirt.
Colors are great and fits as expected.
Thank you very much, it's very beautiful
This is the second tank I have ordered, I wear both of them often. They wash well and I receive many compliments on them!
I did not buy this jacket from Amazon. But it is simply the worst jacket I have ever bought. I bought this jacket for my teenage daughter in the same color as above. It is NOT that color in person. And even worse it is not thick and fluffy like it looks. It is literally so thin it was mailed from REI in a mailer the size of a manila envelope. I thought there must be some mistake...... Unfortunately it was no mistake.<br />I really wanted to buy my daughter a nice jacket , one that would last several years. I saved up my money thinking The North Face had a good reputation . How embarrassing to talk up this product and then see the great unveiling of this thin uninsulated little cinch sak.<br />Save your time and  money buying and returning it and see it in person if you are determined to buy this style and brand. Your wallet will thank you.
Keep in mind I have never seen the product. I ordered it for my dad as a his birthday gift. He called me to say thank you and just how much he loves the color as he will be able to mix it for a few suites to make a statement. Then he called again to tell me he really like the set. He though it was more of modern feel and look. He almost make me feel like this is the only gift I've gotten him that he actually likes! Either way, this was a great gift for him.
Great fit & love the print. Will probably order again.
awesome fit, hot style, i love it
I received the RFID Blocking Leather Wallet. The first thing I noticed is the pebbled texture and it's very soft. I love the flip out window which makes showing your identification quick and convenient...don't have to worry about leaving your id behind! Also, the navy blue stripe patterns inside the billfold section is a nice touch. There are 8 credit card slots to pack your plastic! It's a slim design, nothing bulky here. Of course, the RFID protection built into the wallet is the best feature. Nice not to worry about scanning devices or wireless identity theft.
I love this wallet. The first thing I noticed is how soft and flexible it is. Most wallets tend to be a bit stiff, even when they are completely empty. This one is flexible enough that it is more comfortable to keep in my pocket than most wallets. The leather itself is soft and has a pebbled texture to it.<br /><br />The wallet is also nice to look at. The lining inside is black and white striped, which I thought was a bit interesting, but it grew on me pretty quickly. The edges of the wallet aren't at all rough and the seams are all well done.<br /><br />This wallet has plenty of room to hold everything I need to put in it. I also really like having two spots for for cash or papers in the back. I like being able to keep my cash separate from anything else and that isn't possible with some wallets. The RFID blocking is a great additional feature that I really appreciate.<br /><br />I love this wallet for myself, but it is also a great wallet for gifting.<br /><br />I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review.
I'm a size 34B and size B fit perfectly. It is very comfortable and feels like I am wearing practically nothing. I wore it with my club dress and I forgot I was even wearing a bra. These give my tatas enough cleavage. Also it is simple to clean after you have worn it. I will probably buy more for the future!!!
it's fine.
Super nice comfortable socks..I got all the colors and loved it...<br />Thanks for the great service.
Cute dress,  Please be advised that this cute dress runs very, very small in size. You would definitely need to order a couple sizes or even three sizes larger than normal.  I'm 5 &#34;3&#34; it is much shorter than I expected. Also very SHEER you would Definitely  have to wear a slip with it.  This would definitely be a cute dress to wear if I could have fit it.
Love this tank, fits about 1/2 size smaller so I suggest ordering up a size. Other than that it's a great quality tank top!
The pants were great! Just one thing...it wasn't the right color. Apparently grey means khaki but that's none of my business...<br />In all seriousness the fit was great but I would have loved to have gotten the right color.
Dress looks great on. The wrap in front hides any tummy bulge so I can eat and not have to suck my stomach in or wear a girdle. Wish it came in more colors.
High quality T shirt, quick shipping.
This product is a piece of s***. It doesn't look anything at all like the picture. Don't waste your money on something that you will end up regretting and then having to return. This company is horse s***.
ITS THE PUERTO RICAN FLAG.
Amazing The quality is good.Product arrived on time and as described. Will buy again from seller.
The shirt arrived fine, but as soon as I opened it I could tell that it would be more of a dress for me than a shirt(I am 5'3&#34;)It hits about mid thigh on me. The shirt itself is large but I will not fault that on the seller since I ordered a little on the large size but it was a lot larger than I expected. Everything else is great though, I love the feel of the shirt, it is very soft. I wanted a different color than black, but that just gives me an excuse to get another shirt.
Love love love this shirt 😀  fits good and comfy .
Thanks for my clear jewelry drawer I am loving this item
So comfy! I usually just wear them around the house as I don't think I can pull them off, but they are long enough for me (which is awesome) and SO soft, flowy, and comfy! I'd buy more in different colors if I thought I could pull them off outside of the house.
Very cute, stretchy. I got the patten shown as the default and have worn them out numerous times. Super comfortable and very cute.  The stretchy fold-over waist allows for adjustments in length, and they fit well on my hips..
it's not a dress but a top. cheap fabric, not linen. nothing that you see on the photo
It's a perfect fit and is very comfortable, the item was shipped fast, and I love it!
it has great detail and cheap.
The dress is cute but the top runs small and the bottom is very long...I'm going to cut off the top and make it into a skirt
I purchased this in Winter White, and I like it. I like the Henley style neckline. Comfy and cute. Never go wrong with Blair clothing.
GREAT FIT FOR CURVY BUILD.  VERY SEXY AND QUALITY FABRIC.  LOVE IT!
Excellent warmer. The heat settings are great and the size of this warmer is perfect and portable. I'm very happy with it.
My son wanted to learn how to play so we got this for him. He is learning and he loves this guitar. Its light enough from.him and as far as I can tell seems to produce a good sound.
Eastern Washington University's mascot is the Eagle not the Bulldog.  Whoops!
the best
Very beautiful organizer! I have fixed it on the wall in my bathroom and it looks so good! I put my nail polish and different body lotions and hair products in it. There is mandy room for different things in it. The shipping was very fast. i love it!
love this clever design!
Love this denim wash! I’ve been using it for the past year and my jeans still look new. No longer have issues with fading like with normal detergents. A little goes a long way too, this stuff lasted me nearly a year.
Very cheap material and does not fit properly. Extremely see through. Not worth the price
That's not the right house, that picture is the kraken of house greyjoy.
Super soft and stretchy...great for fall and winter!! Thank you:)
Absolutely LOVE this dress!!! Perfect!! I bought a size larger knowing from other reviews it ran small. I'm normally a medium and bought a large and it fit perfect!!! Can not say enough about it!
no like picture , looks cheap
Comfortable wearing.Cheap price, but nice fabric.
Here is my wife's review of this product:<br /> I got this off amazon a little skeptical but hopeful. I buy A LOT of makeup and eyeshadow tends to be my weaknes. I  wanted a large range of colors and was hoping these would be really pigmented. I am not disappointed. These shadows are beautiful.  They are really easy to blend and they are super vibrant. I like these just as much as some of my super high end brands.
The quality seems pretty good but I can't wear it! I usually wear a L (or size 10) and the XL is way too small for me!<br /><br />I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Runs very small. Need a tiny waist to wear it. Style is adorable, buttons down the front, fully lined. I ordered a large per the size chart, I normally wear an 8. About 4 inches small In the waist. Orange and off white colors are very pretty. Style, cut, and length are great. Sizing is way off.<br />I received his product at a discount in exchange for my unbiased review. Opinions are my own.<br />I alSo ordered the cotton Heather grey skirt in XL, I normally wear an 8. The XL is perfect. The back zipper works well. The thick waist and and pleats, make it fit well and look cute. Two pockets, falls above the knee. Very cute and comfortable.
I sadly didn't get to wear it - it was too small. Too big up top from the straps - too small at the butt. It sucks. I really wanted to try this - but from the feel of fabric it felt like it was made correctly and not cheaply.<br /><br />bought this at discount for my honest review
I was really looking forward to the skirt as it looked so nice with the suspenders in the picture, however mine did not come with any suspenders. The skirt also runs small so I was not able to comfortably wear it. Other than the size issue and suspenders, this is a nice skirt. It has a stretchy polyester feel to it and the buttons on the front are sewn securely (they're not going to fall off )<br /><br />I received this at a discount in exchange for my honest, unbiased review.
the color is nicer than expected!  and i really didnt expect much of the workmanship but i am lucky and the top i received was great!!!  The ink does run, but the material is light enough to wash in the sink in cool water and let drip dry.  Its a little big but its supposed to be swingy so i am very happy with this purchase!
Bought this for my wife. The fit is a little baggy but other than that she likes it a lot.
I like this shirt. It is light weight and does not cling to much to the skin. Only thing I do not like about it, is it is a more boxy than it is pictured. It works for me, but it may not work for everyone.
I received more than one shirt. One is a very nice tee shirt. the material is extremely soft and lightweight and it has a cute little decorative pocket on the front. It seems to be well made and fits really good, it is so comfortable to wear. I love that the material is not to clingy and the shirt is a bit longer than other. I got this in both the grey and the tiffany color which is a turquoise, both are very pretty colors and look like the pictures. I also got the long sleeve grey one with lace back, fits really good and is a little heavier weight material then the tee shirts, the lace back dresses it up a little.<br />Disclaimer I received this item at a discount for my honest review
95% cotton 5% spandex. Make this a form fitting tank top with adjustable and removeable straps. This is a great tank for every wardrobe. It can be worn under tops or dresses with or without straps. It is snug fitting, but to be strapless, it kinda has to be.  Machine wash gentle, tumble dry low. I ordered an XL per the size chart. I normally wear a size 8, 36c bra, this top is tight fitting, but very comfortable.<br />I received this product at a discount in exchange for my unbiased review. Opinions are my own.
5 stars i purchased this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review
Cute top!  Fits a little odd across the chest but all in all I like it and the style is very cute!  Nice material not cheap at all.
Great quality, I like the colors (more vibrant than pictured) but it fits smaller than expected. I usually wear M/L and the XL fits perfectly on me.<br /><br />I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
Deez nuts over trump and Hillary<br />Deez nuts rule the land
This is racist.  To protest NYPD?  You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I ordered this to wear at a Con in Atlanta and was worried it was going to be too hot to wear.  I was expecting the fabric to be thick and stiff.  It's actually very comfortable and breathable.  It's a mix between cotton and linen much like the shirts I wear in the Florida heat so I don't expect to have to worry about heat exhaustion even though it's long sleeved.  I will update after the Con on how well it performs.  The fit is a bit looser than I expected but that's actually a good thing in my case.  I have a 48&#34; chest and ordered the X-Large according to the size chart.  I was expecting the shirt to come out a bit small for me as I am very overweight and my gut definitely exceeds my chest size.  The shirt is actually a little loose on me.  The sleeves were too long for me but that's normal for me.  When you have to order larger sizes because you are overweight, the arm length increases as well.  If you have this same problem, you can re-sew the button for the cuff to make the cuff size smaller.  That will make the cuff stop when it touches the top of your hand instead of hanging down over your hand.  I almost forgot:  They shipped amazingly fast.  I was expecting this to take nearly a week without Prime shipping and was worried it might not arrive before the convention next week.   Amazingly, it arrived at the same time as the Amazon Prime items I ordered along with it.
Design stolen from Olipop!!! DON'T BUY!!!
Exactly as ecpected. Its a great hoop and was easy to mount and install. Well made too
This dress is Amazing. I love it, comfy and sexy.
beautiful dress!! must get in another color
I bought this to help organize all my kids play hats. They dress up a lot and their costume trunk is really full. It rates so it makes it easy to access what ever hat they are wanting. It's well made and easily put together
Nice dress coat.
Not exactly as shown, but it looks and fits good. Has white insert instead of white piping shown.
This is lovely especially for a nice family bike ride and it has a great speed safe for the children's ride this on family trips and hiking trips it rides lovely
I purchased this dress to wear to a wedding. I am 5'2&#34; and about 150 lbs, I am curvy with an hourglass shape. The style of the dress accentuates my good areas will minimizing focus on my bad areas. However, since I am a bit on the short side, the dress falls a bit longer than I would have wanted. It is past my knees. I purchased the purple.
Must buy I use this everyday it helps to keep dirty clothes and clean clothes organized also it's easy to move if h would like to fold it up if you are moving
So much to say I love this thing it is perfect anyone who has a lot of clothes and less storage knows what I'm talking about you must buy this
This is really great if u have any muscles to work out. Specifically athletes this works great for those little spasms u tend to get it helps increase our speed I love it
different, fun and comfortable, perfect for the back
I really love this chair very comfortable and easy to put away.
very comfortable, soft and easy to install, I love to sleep on it